docs(components): [select] add width change description (#16268)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/select.md

:::tip

> After version 2.5.0, due to the refactoring of `el-select`, the default width becomes `100%`. When used in a form, due to layout problems, the width of `el-select` will become `11px`. In order to keep the layout consistent with the previous version, perhaps You need to give `el-select` a width value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After version `2.5.0`, the default width of `el-select` becomes `100%`. When used in a inline form, the width will collapse. In order to display the width properly, you need to give `el-select` a specific width.
```
